# ModelSelection

Model Selection is a data science platform that allows the user to easily run, compare, and pickle the parameters of six different machine learning algorithms. The program initializes by creating a folder where the user puts their formatted data with classifications placed in the right most column. When run again the program prompts the user to select which dataset from this folder they'd like to work with. When a dataset is selected the summary statistics saved thus far by the program for each model are reported. The user then chooses which machine learning algorithm they'd like to train on the data: K-Nearest Neighbour, Random Forest, Radial Based Function Support Vector Machine, Simple Neural Network, Deep Neural Network, or a Recurrent Neural Network along with a specific model's parameters (such as C for SVM or a value for regularization for Neural Networks). KNN, RF, and SVM are performed using SciKit Learn, the Simple Neural Network is hand crafted, and the Deep Neural Network and Recurrent Neural Network are run using TensorFlow. After a model has been run summary statistics are reported and the user is asked if they'd like to save the summary statistics and current model as a pickle (or checkpoint when using TensorFlow). The statistics are saved to a text file and used for reference the next time the dataset is loaded. 

The program can also be used to predict classifications after data has been trained. Upon initialization an alternative folder is created for data files with no given classification. Prediction files of the with the same name as their training data are to be placed here. When the prediction option is selected the program the predicted classification for each model that has been trained previously.
